Behind these walls lie the Cross Reel, or at least one of the Cross Reel work sites.
It is one of the largest engineering projects taking place in the world now.
But I'm not here to talk about this, I'm here, to talk about how it looks,
Because for decades now, every construction site in the world has had this sound.
[buzz]
I obviously added this sound to the product; it's the sound of the driver's back, and it's a truck that's not here to scare me.
But in the last 10 years and more, increasingly you have heard a different voice instead.
I began to hear this:
High Hesice
The voice of the command is white.
This resulted from a discovery at Leeds University in 2001.
Now it has become the norm for most major construction projects.
An extension of this Cross Rail does not allow access to vehicles that have the old one-tone sound.
So why did you say that? Because it is completely technical information you need to know.
Well, there are two reasons.
First, because it is safer.
Your ears can capture the overall sound, the white sound more than the sound of the buzz.
Which means you can play it low, so as not to disturb residents near here, and it is also safer.
Because your ears can pick up the sound and tell you where it comes from.
A single ring tone can do all kinds of echo,
It is not a natural sound, your ears are not trained on it
But the white sound, which is almost * bass * bass *, your mind can pick up the sound source.
So if you have five trucks going back, you'll know where they are.
You will know if one of them will hit you.
This is something you may not have known.
Translated by: Abdulrhman Saeed